we started cooking KCBS back in the fall
of 2004 and you've done pretty well at
that
yeah we've been real fortunate on the
Kansas City barbecue society circuit
that we did to contest that first year
the first contest we got to calls and
that kind of put the hook in and so what
threw you to Memphis style competition
you know as I got into more and more
interested in competition barbecue and
and barbecue as a whole there were
certain things that kind of stood out
for me that I felt like if I was going
to ever be a true barbecue or I would
have to have to take on those challenges
and you know cooking at the American
roll was one of them hoping to get into
the the Jack Daniels was one of them
cooking in Memphis in May I just you
know there might be some people out
there that don't agree with me but I
just felt like putting myself in a
situation like this down here Memphis
and cooking against you know the teams
that are down here I don't need to name
them you know they're who are here we
got a bunch of a bunch of legends in
barbecue and and so I just felt like
that was a personal challenge that if I
was going to be able to think of myself
as somebody who you know doesn't made
any accomplishments in barbecue I was
gonna come down here and give this the
world
oh yeah that was this year that was in
January and a lot of people out there
know the story on this I've been close
on particularly brisket I've been close
on turn in times before and Kansas City
barbecue society it's not it's not a
game I played or anything like that but
you know anyways I thought I'd walked
that box with plenty of time to go and I
ended up getting disqualified for being
late for brisket we went to awards and
we had a pretty good cook other than
that we got fourth and chicken first in
ribs missed missed first place in pork
by half point taken second and we could
have if we could have just gotten the
brisket turned in on time we would have
we would have won that contest but you
know it was it was there wasn't a good
thing you know the reps hated you know
they hate to DQ anybody so it it wasn't
much fun that's probably the worst
if you're interested in doing
competition barbecue I would say come
and join us it's it's so much fun the
people you're going to meet are just
fabulous really really great people you
don't have to have a pit as a lab rat is
mind to come out here and be successful
there are plenty of teams out there that
are doing really really well on bullet
smokers and and it's just it's an
amazing little hobby and pastime that we
do so if you're interested don't be
afraid to come do it there's there's
great classes out there that you can
take if you want to do that it's
something something really enjoyable
about taking a pork shoulder or pork
butt or a brisket and trying to cook
something really great out of it it's a
real communal thing get feed for your
friends and your family it's a really
great time